Mr. Ye
Although you are my boss
Although you have helped me
But I have a husband now.
Please take care of yourself.
Fortunately, fortunately.
I was almost bewitched by the beauty of the world-weary Qing
I have done something sorry for Qin Shi
What is this man doing so close to him?
It's hard to obey at all
Rice on your face?
Where is the seam in the ground?
I'm going in
God
Why did you have to shoot me like this on my first day at work?
It's getting late.
Go to work, thank you, Mr. Yan
I'm leaving first, be careful
This little girl
Sorry Mr. Yan
Eating dog food
I go to work
Okay, okay.
I'll be off work soon.
The old rule is to watch it together at night
Welcome new employees on board
Brother Star Hotel
Star Hotel
Isn't that a five star hotel?
Yeah after all
Gu Qingqing is not cheap
Ordinary hotels don't deserve it
Gu Qingqing dares to embarrass me
See if I won't peel off your skin for a while